Hey guys, welcome back.
OK.
So in the next several lectures, we're going to be
focusing yet again on forums. In case you didn't get
enough of self-righteous 20 year-olds arguing
over video games, we're going back to Reddit.
And in case hearing a multiple tab terminal emulator
implemented in Python, or dot net garbage collector
basics and performance gets you hot and bothered,
we're going to cover Hacker News. And in case you are
the type that sneaks away from your family to hide
in a closet and look at photos of mobile app user
interfaces, we're going to cover Product Hunt.
And in case you have severe FOMO and
just want to try everything out there,
we've got Beta List as well.
In the next set of lectures, we're going to step up
our community posting game and graduate from the
casual low risk, low reward game of manual direct
messaging and replying, and get into the world of posting.
It sounds simple, but then again, if I were to ask
you what's the difference between a post that gets
one upvote and 15 views and a post that gets 1,500
upvotes and 300,000 views, what would you say?
Yeah.
There's a lot more to it than you think.
We're going to cover these four community groups,
what's special about them, what works, what doesn't,
and how to put together a strategy for tackling them.
I suggest everyone tries this section, but of course,
dabble a little bit and decide if you want to try this tactic.
Otherwise, move on - the next section,
we're talking about emerging platforms.
All right, guys.
Next up on deck, the wonderful world of Reddit. And
trust me, I promise, we'll only spend a minimum amount
of time looking at Nicolas Cage memes.
All right. See you then.